[Applause]
another debate night in America
democratic debate number four from
Columbus Ohio
hosted by fate news CNN in the failing
New York Times twelve Democrats took to
the stage to angrily agree with each
other for hours Ohio is a state where
Democrats hope will swing back their way
and tonight there are a lot of
candidates with a lot to say the main
point I want to make that
the debate is back right after this
short right now why Arthur why are there
12 candidates in the debate now that's
the beat there were Ted you can't
subtract candidates and then add some
back have you ever watched a reality
show or sports you don't go to the final
four and then suddenly you're back to
the Elite Eight it's not it's not the
way it works Amy Klobuchar is still
she's eight laps behind and stopped to
have lunch she's still in the race it
doesn't make sense they need to pare
this down it's like the menu at the
Cheesecake Factory there's too much to
choose from it let's go through the
Cheesecake Factory menu and the
candidates Joe Biden is the old
fashioned burger Elizabeth Warren is the
super antioxidant salad because it seems
kind of good but also like it's trying a
little bit too hard Bernie chicken salad
sandwich all over your chin mayor Pete
is the children's brunch gang or the
roadside sliders they're always falling
off their skateboards cory booker's
shrimp with angel hair hold the angel
hair amy klobuchar
amy klobuchar is Rene's special because
nobody knows who renee is either Kelsie
Gabbard is the luaus salad Hawaiian and
mostly nuts comments avocado toast from
California and toast Cooley on Kasich at
Rose Baja chicken tacos because he's
mildly spicy and he's a twin so you get
to Tom Steyer is the impossible burger
because those are his chances of winning
and they're all trying to defeat the
world famous pumpkin cheesecake Donald
Trump and
those warning up candidates the former
mayor of New York Michael Bloomberg is
said to be thinking about running I
didn't know if you couldn't still you
could some run but if Joe Biden drops
out
Bloomberg they say may swoop in Michael
Bloomberg is 77 imagine being that old
still not knowing what you want to do
with your life
that's congratulations on making it to
the end of the YouTube video why not
celebrate by clicking the subscribe
button you earned it